1. Give me a historical breakdown of the winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics from the past
decade.
	Google - The search engine will have up-to-date data to ensure we don't miss anyone.
	
2. Could you illustrate a hypothetical conversation where Shakespeare discusses his writing
process?
	ChatGPT - Albeit someone has posted this hypothical conversation somewhere on the internet, ChatGPT would do
		a better job generating this conversation.
	
3. How many people call Tokyo their home?
	Google - The search engine will have up-to-date data.
	
4. Let's walk through the steps involved in running a sentiment analysis using Python.
	Both - This is something that has been done before. Considering how popular Python is,
		there is a guide in the first search in a search engine, and ChatGPT can give you step
		by step necessities for the code with you having to put it together.
	
5. I'm curious about the average distance between our planet and the Red Planet.
	Both - Both a search engine and ChatGPT will have this information.
	
6. What ideas can you come up with for a unique project that intertwines data analysis with
Generative AI?
	ChatGPT - Who better to give reccomendations on how to use Gen AI than Gen AI.
	
7. Can you summarize some key motifs in political history spanning the previous century?
	ChatGPT (with fact checking) - It will be easier to get a short summary from ChatGPT.
		However, fact checking will be necessary. There does exist a summary via search engine,
		but it terms of ease-of-access and speed, ChatGPT with fact checking will be better.
	
8. The Great Wall of China, how far does it stretch exactly?
	Both - Both will have this data.
	
9. Can you elucidate how Python's Global Interpreter Lock affects the performance of
multi-threading?
	Both - Python is a very documented and popular language. Both will be able to give
		proper answers to this.
	
10. What momentous event in American history took place on July 4, 1776?
	Both - If ChatGPT has this in its training data, then both will be able to answer this.